- Inhale your
arms above your head.
Exhale your hands into
prayer at your heart
and begin to rub
those palms together.
Thank yourself for taking
the time to align your mind,
body, heart, and soul.
Namaste.
- What the hell?
What the fuck?
Why am I here?
Help me.
Hey, hey, you got the,
you got the wrong guy.
You got the wrong
guy, I promise,
it wasn't me.
Whatever you think
I did, I didn't do.
I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
Please.
What is that for,
what is that for?
Please, please,
please, I'm sorry.
Man, I'm sorry.
Please, please, please, please.
- And we're back
on the weekly "Murder
They Wrote" podcast
where we break down some of
the grizzliest serial killers
this side of the
Mississippi river.
- Well, we
do talk both sides.
- What have I told you
about interrupting my intro?
- That it raises
our listening base,
that I should do it more often?
- No,
exactly the opposite.
Anyway, this month
we've been focusing on
the gruesome history of the
illustrious Mechanic Maniac.
- Mm, I still like
scroll saw slasher much better.
- Which would make
sense if he used a scroll saw.
But since he doesn't.
- Well, I mean,
how do you know he
doesn't use a scroll saw?
- Okay, where
in all of the evidence,
where does this say that?
- Huh?
- Well, a
scroll saw doesn't move.
It's like on a table.
How would you?
- I'm just saying
he could, okay.
And how do we even
know he's a he?
- Like we've been
talking about, right.
I mean, the police only have
minimal evidence as it is.
It's it's been what?
Nearly 10 years and
13 known victims
with no arrests and
really no suspect.
- Sex on the beach.
- I definitely didn't
order sex on the beach.
- It's worth a shot.
You ever tried one?
- I think I'm
good with this one.
- Oh, come on, it tastes good.
- Here you go, honey.
- Thank you.
- You come around here often?
- Just passing through.
- Oh, come on now.
You can't lie to me.
I know better.
I've seen you before.
- Seriously doubt that.
- You ever tasted this?
I can tell you you haven't.
It's good.
- You should enjoy it.
- It's better with company.
- You have a good night.
- If you like to get pushy,
I like that too.
- Clearly.
- Not your type?
- Not even close.
- Hey, how's that salad?
- Surprisingly delicious.
- Really?
I wouldn't have expected that.
- I know, right?
I'm guessing we close
to all the farms
so the produce is fresh.
- That makes sense.
I'm Dawn.
- Micah.
- So you see
anything good on there?
- You know what?
Think I'm gonna have
what he's having.
That'd be great, thank you.
Whisky and coke too?
- Okay, seriously.
That's my go to.
- Well make that two then.
Put hers on my tab.
- You got it.
- Why thank you, sir.
- No worries.
So what brings you to the
middle of bum-fuck California?
- Just road-tripping
from LA to Portland.
- Oh yeah?
What's up there?
- Soak.
- Soak?
- Soak, the massive festival.
It's like the burning
man in Oregon,
camping, arts, music,
all of that kind of stuff.
- Okay.
It sounds cool.
- Yeah, it's pretty cool.
It gets kind of crazy though.
I'm guessing that
you've never been.
- To soak?
- Yeah.
- No.
Or burning man for that matter.
- Well, I think you
definitely gotta check it out.
- So you driving up alone?
- Yeah.
It's just me and my van.
I actually built it so
that I can pretty much
just like live on the road.
I am obsessed with traveling.
- Yeah?
That's interesting.
I enjoy traveling myself.
I've been making my
way around the Midwest,
hitting up all the
national parks.
- You know, nothing
beats in open road.
- I actually have
family in Portland
I've been mean in
the visit soon.
- Okay, I love Portland too.
Do you like go
often or anything?
- Yeah, but plans
got put on hold
because my truck is in the shop.
So stuck here for a bit.
- Well, that's a bummer.
- Bottoms up.
- Thank you.
- Well, two adventures
on the road.
- Cheers to the art
are falling apart
for those of us
who do it so well.
Cheers to myself and another
and made that other be she
who drinks to
herself and another
and made that other be me.
Cheers.
- Wow.
Very nice sir.
- So he ain't the entire cake.
- Well, it was a
social media challenge.
- What?
- Just say no,
his whole face was like.
- Hey guys,
we're about to wrap it up.
Can I get you anything else?
- I'm good.
I've got a long
drive ahead of me.
- Just the check.
Thank you.
- You got it buddy.
- Oh, my god.
- Well,
that was quite an
unexpected encounter.
- Likewise.
I haven't had a conversation
this enjoyed one in a while.
- You know what,
you should just come with me.
- What?
- I'll give you a lip to
see your family in Portland.
No problem.
- No, I couldn't impose.
- Look,
look,
it's a done deal.
First let's take a selfie so
we can remember this moment.
- Here, let me.
Oh shit, fuck.
- Shit.
- No, no.
- I think it's fried.
- I am so sorry.
You know what?
I'll ride with you to Portland
only to get you a new
phone when we get there,
top of the line,
whatever's available.
- I mean, you can't say
no to top of the line
and waterproof would be nice.
- You got it.
- Okay, deal.
I feel like this is
like my first time
having someone ride
with me on a road trip.
- Yeah?
Feels special.
- But you can also
keep me awake.
- I have a job.
- Ooh.
- Oh.
- Sorry.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I'm good, I'm good.
- Wow.
- This is my baby.
You like it?
Check it out, check it out.
- All right.
So where are you
from originally?
- I grew up in the
Midwest, Wisconsin.
I was raised by a single father.
Taught me how to hunt.
I slung malts at the dairy
bar, yada yada, yada.
- Living the dream.
- Exactly.
What about you?
What's your life story buddy?
- Definitely not as amazing.
I grew up in Chicago and
I had a rough childhood.
Didn't go to college,
not much family to speak of.
- Except for the
ones in Portland?
- Yeah, right.
Kinda wanted to turn over
new leaf there, you know.
Start over.
- I get that.
I believe that everyone
deserves a second chance.
- Exactly.
- Excuse me.
I think I'm gonna have
to pull over pretty soon.
- What, you need me to drive?
- Oh, no.
Nobody drives Emily but me.
We can just find a
place to pull off
and we can camp for the night.
Got a bed in the back.
And I'll set you up in hammock.
- Just sleep on the
side of the road?
- Yeah, I do it all the time
and it's quieter
than truck stops.
Okay, this'll do.
- You sure this shit is cool?
- There's nobody
anywhere around here
unless you're
afraid of the dark.
- I'm sure I can handle it.
- Here you go.
- Perfect.
Actually, haven't been
camping in a while.
- Well, it's just
like riding a bike
except we're in nature,
and you're asleep.
- I guess.
- I must say I'm a little ripe.
I'm gonna go shower
if you don't mind.
- You got a shower
in that thing too?
- Yeah, a camp shower.
I just refill the water
tank every few days.
- Damn, that
shit ball as hell.
- Thank you.
I designed it myself.
And
check this out.
Now we have some tunage.
- I'm digging it.
- Okay.
You mind giving me
a little privacy?
- Oh, absolutely, I'm sorry.
- Hey Micah.
You wanna grab us some wood
so we can make a little fire?
You do know what kindling
is, right, city boy?
- Stop it.
I watch a lot of
documentaries in my downtime.
It's the little stickies, right?
- Yes.
Very good.
Just little stickies.
There's gonna be a
headlamp up there.
And it's a rape whistle for
if you're really worried.
Micah?
Micah is that you?
Micah, come on, where are you?
Micah, what the hell?
Micah?
- What's up?
- Jesus.
What the hell was that?
- What?
The lights?
- Where did you run off to?
- I went to go get some
wood and to take a piss.
- Some dude in a Bronco
was parked over there.
He just took off.
- I definitely thought
I heard something.
- I don't know
how you missed it.
- Well, I told you this
place might not be safe.
- So weird.
- They probably was
just some local farm boy
trying to sneak a peak.
- Creepers.
- Yeah, they're everywhere.
- I'm gonna go get dressed.
- Good idea.
- Night cap?
- I do have a motto of never
turning down a free drink.
- There you go, sir.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
You see, this is life.
Fuck those city folks
and their traffic
and that nasty smog.
- It definitely could be worse.
- Did you see where
that guy came from?
I didn't even
notice him pull up.
- I didn't see him at all.
- It was creepy.
- I'm surprised that's
never happened before,
being single on the road.
- Yeah.
I mean, I guess there's a
first time for everything.
- So they say.
- Well, think I've had enough
excitement for the night.
- What?
Come on, you barely took
a sip outta your drink.
It's early.
- Yeah, well I have a
long drive ahead of me.
I'm out.
- Night then.
♪ I like my eggs
in the morning ♪
- Good morning, sleepy head.
I hope you don't mind, I
found some food in you cooler.
I made her some breakfast.
- You rifled through my stuff?
- I'm not sure rifled
is the word I would use.
- Now who's the creeper?
- Compliments of the house,
van.
- Thank you, monsieur
- Not that I have a
degree in it or anything,
but I've always demanded
a good breakfast.
- Breakfast is the most
important meal of the day.
- Absolutely.
I must say,
you have quite an impressive
setup inside of that thing.
- How about I give
you an official tour?
Come on.
- Okay.
So.
- So here we have my bed,
which I already
put up, of course.
And then we have
this, it's a bed,
but it doubles as a bench.
- Nice.
- And then we have
the kitchen over here,
the sink, the fridge.
This is where all of my
gourmet meals happen.
Oh, this here is just storage.
You know, just goods,
that kind of stuff.
- What about that one?
- Oh, that's just
my secret stash.
- I got you.
Well, I must say,
I am very impressed.
- Thanks.
It's a start.
Soon, we'll be
flying into space.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
Well that's my plan.
Get rich,
take off into space.
That's my destiny,
and Emily spinach here
is my first class ticket
to paradise.
- That sounds like
one hell of a life.
- Everything that I
own is in this van.
It's just easy.
You know.
- What if something
ever happened to it.
- Well, I'll be here
to make sure that nothing
ever happens to her.
- I hope so.
- Anyway, we should
hit the road.
Time's a wasting.
- Time you enjoy wasting
isn't waste of time.
- Is that so?
Well, we should waste time
cleaning up your mess
and I'll go change and
we'll hit the road.
Okay.
- Woo.
Old school, huh?
- Well, since someone
drowned my GPS,
luckily I always have a backup.
So we should be
somewhere around here.
We'll have to stop at a
gas station around here.
Otherwise we'll run outta
gas before the next exit.
The dots are for the bathrooms
just in case you gotta go.
And if we stay on task,
we should be to Portland at
around nine o'clock tonight.
- Wow.
You got this whole
thing mapped out to a T.
- Well, I like to stay on task.
You gotta take
advantage of the world
while we're able to, you know.
- I guess.
I'm not really a big
plans type of guy.
You know, I like to let the
road take me where it takes me.
- Huh?
Well are ready for Emily to
take us where we gotta go?
- Let's do it.
♪ Chronic in my lungs
♪ I'm living with
♪ Toast to the melodies
♪ Exhaling out the smoke
♪ With folks from the 70s
♪ Talking about LSD overload
♪ Got THC up in my chromosomes
♪ Peyote in my belly
♪ I got the dopest flow
♪ Hoes swarming like
the locust flow ♪
♪ Females try and fuck
with my focus, bro ♪
♪ I just say, let it go
♪ Til I'm past the
♪ Puffing hash and smoke
♪ Eating up my enemies
like the cannibal ♪
♪ Marching homies say cannibal
♪ Jumping down rabbit
hole with Adderall ♪
♪ Even though it's sad and all
♪ They still think is radical
♪ Trauma caused me
to be an animal ♪
♪ A strategy unfathomable
- I can dig that.
I like to think of
myself as a free spirit,
but I still got plans.
Goals and shit.
You fuck with goals.
- Yeah.
Fleeting exceptions
pop up time to time.
I think we need some music.
- Like this
this guy took a circular saw
and cut off this girl.
I mean talking like ankle,
knee, thigh, head fingers.
It was just so gross.
- What the fuck is this?
- So messy.
- Oh, it's a true crime
podcast that I love.
It's called "Murder They Wrote",
and these two are cool.
So basically they talk
about famous murders
across the country and just--
- Seriously into that shit?
- Yeah.
It's super interesting.
- What do you
really think is the motive
behind this Mechanic Maniac?
- I dunno.
He's a copycat,
wants to be famous.
I mean, doesn't everybody
wanna be famous now.
He wants to be some sort
of like household name,
like a, I don't know, a Bundy,
or a Gacy.
He's getting there.
Not there yet.
- I don't agree.
- Okay, I can only
take so much of that.
- But you've heard of the
Mechanic Maniac, right?
- I may have heard something.
I don't really watch those.
- He's killed 13 victims across
five states that we know of,
guys and girls.
He's never been arrested or
even close to being caught.
He's on his way to being
the biggest serial killer
in the past decade.
Whew.
- You seem a little
excited about this.
- Well, it makes an
amazing case study.
I had a class where we had to
use him for an assignment--
- Look, I'm sure
he's just a weirdo
living in his mom's basement,
looking for ways
to get his kicks.
- Not a chance.
This guy's eluded the
FBI for almost a decade.
It's no--
- Okay,
so he's watched a
couple episodes of CSI
and learned a few tricks.
Big whoop.
Definitely not
the kind of person
you want to put
up in a pedestal.
- I get it.
You're scared of
him, aren't you?
Have you had a run in with
someone like this or something?
- Not that I can recall.
And I'm definitely
not scared of him.
I'm pretty sure there's
a rational explanation
on why he's going
after these kids.
- Well, what do you think?
- Think what.
- What do you think
the motive is?
If you follow his pattern,
he's always trapping
a young guy or girl
alone in a vehicle where he
takes them back to a place.
He drugs them and he dismembers
them with a circular saw.
What's his M.O.?
- First off, that shit
sounds disgusting.
And he's obviously a perv
taking advantage
of someone alone.
- He doesn't take
advantage, he just kidnaps.
- Either way, he's a sick fuck
who takes his
aggressions out on randos
and definitely should
be the front runner
for the serial killer
of the decade award.
- You wanna
know what I think?
- Enlighten me.
- I think he's a genius,
Harvard level craftsman.
I think he's a master
and I think he's
gonna keep killing
until he finally finds the
piece that he's looking for.
- What the fuck, Dawn?
I think you might wanna try
some lighter reading options
for a bit, some Sunday
funnies or some shit.
Turn off the history channel,
enjoy some junk food TV.
Jesus.
- Come on.
You sound jealous
of the attention.
- The fuck that's
supposed to mean?
Why would I be jealous
of a fucking serial?
- I'm just kidding.
Change the subject.
What do you wanna talk about?
Oh my god, I think
someone's following us.
That's the Bronco that was
spying on me last night.
- What?
Hell no, no way.
- Let's see if he tries to turn.
Yeah, it's definitely him.
He's following us.
- Oh, you definitely need
to drive faster then.
What the fuck?
- Shit.
My van!
- Come on, we gotta get away
from this fucking asshole.
- That's what I'm trying to do.
Okay, hang on Emily.
Are we good, are we good?
- No, he coming back.
Fuck.
That's the Mechanic Maniac.
- What?
- I'm about to jump out.
What the fuck?
- You gonna have to let me out,
you gonna have to let me out.
Just pull over and let me out.
Just pull over and
let me the fuck out.
Please.
- You have
to calm down, okay.
- Oh, I'm
having a panic attack.
- Come on man, you
have to drive faster.
- It's a living space,
not a fucking Lamborghini.
Okay, hold on to something.
He can't be serious right now.
- We gotta get the
fuck outta here.
I think, I think we lost him.
I think we may.
We lost him.
- Are we good?
- We lost him.
- Okay.
- Oh shit.
- Oh, that was insane.
- Dude, we need to call 911.
Someone just tried to kill
us with a fucking truck.
- Hardly, that was
just some idiot driver.
We probably cut him off at
some point and pissed him off.
- Take your phone out
right now and dial 911.
I'll stop at the next exit
and we can get somebody
after this crazy idiot.
- I can't do that.
- Why the fuck not?
- I don't have a phone.
- Everyone carries a cell phone.
- Apparently they don't.
- Please pray tell
explain to me why on earth
you don't have a cell phone.
- Well, have you heard
anything about the 5G thing?
- For fuck sake.
- Yes, I'd heard
and did research--
- You seriously don't have a
cell phone, Micah, so don't--
- No, I don't have
no cell phone!
- You seriously
don't have a phone?
- No I don't.
- Well, I had a phone until you
took it swimming last night.
Now we're fucking
totally screwed.
- No, we just need
to keep driving.
There's no way that man
is gonna get out of
that ditch anytime soon.
- What happened back there?
You totally pussed out.
- What the fuck was
I supposed to do?
That man was attacking
us with a goddamn car!
- Do something.
Anything.
God.
- Yeah, okay.
Un-fucking-believable.
- Maybe you're right.
Maybe I did something
that pissed him off.
- See?
Maybe so.
What if it was some
Mechanic Maniac?
- Not a chance.
He doesn't kill people
while he's driving.
He's not the fast
and furious type.
- Yeah, well you
said it yourself.
There's a first
time for everything.
- Ah shit.
We gotta stop for gas.
- What?
No.
- Micah, I told you before
that there's only one
gas station between here
and the next 70 miles or so.
We're low.
Besides, you can run
in and call the cops.
I'm sure it's no 5G in there.
- Dawn, this shit looks
fucking abandoned.
- Yeah, you're right.
It's like the perfect
place to get murdered.
So run inside and call the cops.
- All right.
- Quick like a bunny.
- Okay, damn.
- Shit.
Micah.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
Micah?
- Nuts?
- Micah, what are you doing?
- I was getting snacks,
but I don't see anybody here.
- Somebody's here all right,
and they're driving the Bronco.
- You gotta be kidding me.
- And what happened
to calling the cops?
- I didn't see a phone.
Do you see this place?
I don't even think they
have running water.
What are we gonna do?
- We gotta stay out of sight.
Shit.
I think he's gonna
get that old lady.
- Well, maybe that'll distract
him so we can get away.
- Dude, are you serious?
- What else do you have in mind?
- We need a distraction.
- A distraction?
- Let's just go.
- What are you?
Okay.
Hurry up, go, go, go.
I told you we should
have never came
to this damn gas station.
Keep low.
Come on.
- Shit.
- Oh my god.
- Wait, watch my back.
- I didn't see him.
- He definitely won't miss this.
You got a lighter?
- No.
- What?
- I don't smoke .
- Get up.
- Where you going?
Dawn, where the fuck are you?
- Hey, get ready to run.
- What are you doing?
No!
- What the hell?
- Don't you know that gas
doesn't burn like that?
Only the fumes are flammable.
- Seriously?
- It's basic science.
- Shit.
Fuck science.
Hey, come on.
- Fuck.
- I gotta do somethin'.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
- Micah!
Shit.
- Come on,
fly this motherfucker.
Start the damn car.
Come on.
- Banana in the tailpipe?
That's your master plan?
- Hey, it worked in
"Beverly Hills Cop".
- I must have missed that one.
- It's a fucking classic.
- It better work, otherwise
he's gonna be behind us
in like two seconds.
- Oh, I promise you
I'll work better than that
trail of gas explosion would.
- Hey, I'm pretty sure
that's from a movie too.
- Yeah, well if you
watch "MythBusters"--
Oh shit.
- And now he's shooting at us.
- Who the fuck is this asshole?
- Where is he?
- I don't know, he's
fucking behind us.
- Oh fuck!
- Oh shit!
- Fuck!
- Shit!
- What the fuck!
- Micah, take the wheel.
- Huh?
- Just grab the fucking wheel.
- Oh, this isn't very safe.
- It's safer than--
- What is that?
Please don't that,
don't do that.
- Close your eyes,
close your eyes.
- Oh my god.
- Nobody shoots
at my van, bitch.
You can open your eyes now.
Are you serious?
- Didn't you just shoot
him with a flare gun?
- Any port in a
storm, my friend.
- Oh yeah, your ass is crazy.
- Hey!
- All of you
are fucking insane.
- I almost had to pull
out the paper towels
for you to piss in your pants.
- I don't think we're
quite there yet, thanks.
- Close enough.
- Oh, I don't think it's over!
What do we do, what do we do?
- I don't know.
- Wait.
He's slowing down.
Holy shit.
The banana.
Once again, cinema saves us
from the most
disastrous situation.
- Incredible.
How the hell?
- How the hell, I told
you she was gonna work.
Drive.
- I'm driving.
- Your ass better watch
"Beverly Hills Cop".
♪ From ash and smoke
♪ Eating out my enemies
♪ Like a cannibal
♪ Watching homies say cannibal
♪ Jumping down rabbit
hole with Adderall ♪
♪ Even though it's sad and all
♪ They still think
it's radical ♪
♪ Trauma caused me
to be an animal ♪
♪ A strategy unfathomable
♪ I'm spinning dragon balls
♪ Whipping shit to sell it off
♪ Mixed breeding,
diluted melanin ♪
♪ Doesn't matter 'cause
we all have a skeleton ♪
♪ Far as thumbing
like an elephant ♪
♪ Speaking mellow blunt
♪ The beat is the
I don't think it's a good idea
to be reading that
while driving.
- Well of all the incidents
in our action packed day,
I'd say this one is pretty tame.
- We fucking lost, aren't we?
- Not at all.
I had an idea where we
can get even further away
from that mechanic.
There it is.
It's a back road.
It'll still get us
to Portland in time,
but it'll keep us
off the highways.
Hopefully leaving
that asshole behind.
What the hell do you
think he's after?
- Well, if it is the mechanic,
you definitely fit his
victim requirement.
- Not at all.
All of his prey are
consistently found solo,
kidnapped in a vehicle,
and taken to a specific place
for torture and mutilation.
Wouldn't even make sense
for him to go after somebody
on an open road,
especially not with a gun.
- Well, why the fuck is
he following us, Dawn?
Who are you?
- Who am I?
I'm nobody.
Who the fuck are you?
Maybe you are the
one he's after.
- I don't know about that.
And why the fuck are we
not taking the highway?
- We wanna keep away
from the highway
to stay away from that asshole.
- Seems a little sketchy to me.
- Well, if you want, I can
drop you off right here.
You'd be a sitting dick.
- You mean duck.
- No I didn't.
- Whatever.
And if it is the mechanic,
then all bets off.
- - This doesn't fit his M.O.
- Maybe it's a copycat,
some killer on the prow
where he can only kill
people with his fucking car.
- Mechanic's too smart for that.
There's gotta be
something else he's after.
- Maybe you the fucking
mechanic for all I know.
- Good one.
- Why is he after you Dawn?
Seriously, tell me.
- Fuck you, dude.
I have no idea who
this douche bag is.
And frankly, I don't
appreciate the accusations.
- Speaking of Portland,
I did get this for you when
we were at the gas station.
- That was sweet.
- So you said your
father was a hunter.
What kind of stuff did he hunt?
- White tailed deer mostly,
occasional fox,
black bear.
- Hunting a bear would be crazy.
- Yeah.
- Come on, what the fuck now?
- I don't know.
I think it's the engine.
- From our run in with
the mechanic, you think?
- Maybe.
- I'm gonna have
to check it out.
- Oh man, what the fuck.
- We need to
pull off over here.
- One thing after another,
literally.
Come on, Dawn, the fuck.
How bad is it?
- Looks pretty bad.
Think I blew a hose.
- I don't know
anything about cars.
- Well, it's a van,
so it's a difference.
- Vans either.
- Yeah, I don't think
I'm gonna be able to fix this.
- What do you mean?
We need to get back on the road?
- Well, we can't
if the van won't run.
- How did I even end
up in this situation?
I gotta just stay my
ass at that damn bar.
- Calm down.
Look, the highway is only
a couple of miles that way.
If we hike it, we
can find a car,
flag it down and call AAA.
It's not a big deal.
- I feel like every element
of this fucking trip
has been a big deal.
- Jesus, get a hold of yourself.
It'll be darken an hour.
So we need to get
a move on, okay.
- I don't think we
should leave the van.
- Well, we don't have a choice.
- Fuck!
- Wait!
- What?
- Look.
- Oh
shit!
- I'd recognize
those traps anywhere.
That's a bear trap.
These are hunting woods.
- Yeah, well I'm definitely
not walking through
those woods now.
The fuck.
- Well, Micah, we
don't have a choice.
We have to go.
- Can this day
possibly get any worse.
- You hear that?
- Oh.
Come on, we gotta get
away from that psycho!
Come on.
Get up.
Start running.
Run.
- I'm coming.
Shit.
- Run, run, run,
please run, run, run.
Oh my god run.
This is bullshit.
What's the plan?
What's the fucking plan?
- Wait.
- Wait for what?
To get fucking creamed?
- Just trust me.
Wait.
Come on, big boy.
Come and get us.
- I figured it out.
You're psychotic.
Yes.
- Not yet.
- Dawn, you better
leave me the fuck--
- Not yet.
- Oh my god.
Oh!
- Now!
- Lord have mercy.
- See, told
you to follow me.
- Okay, Dawn.
Let's go.
- Not yet.
Need to see who this
psychopath is first.
- Are you
nuts, who cares?
Let's get back to the van.
- Not yet.
Who is this?
I think he's dead.
- Get back here!
- Shit.
- Get back here.
Oh, you think it's a game, huh.
Yeah.
I can see you.
Get out here!
I see you.
Get out here now!
- What do you want with us?
- I don't want you sweetheart.
You fine.
It's him.
- What did he do?
- Oh.
Oh, you ain't tell
your little girlfriend?
Huh?
You ain't tell her what you did?
You sick son of bitch.
Words can't describe
what he did.
- Sir, I think you
got the wrong guy.
I ain't never seen
your old ass before.
- Oh, you right.
You know what?
Whew.
I am getting old,
but see you,
you ain't gonna get that chance
'cause I'm gonna kill your
black ass today, motherfucker.
Get back over here!
Oh, okay.
I see what it is.
- Hunter's woods.
Hide behind there, keep
your ass quiet, okay.
Go, go, go.
Look man,
please,
please don't shoot, okay.
I don't want any trouble.
- And I told you
I'm not here for you.
I want him.
- Okay, just be cool.
Nobody has to get shot.
Okay.
- And I don't wanna shoot
you, but I will if I have to.
So I'm not gonna ask you again.
Where is he?
- Look,
I swear I have no
clue where he is.
I don't know.
Okay.
- So he just left you, huh?
- Yeah.
- Some cold shit.
How you just gonna leave
your girl like that?
Told you he wasn't shit.
End of the line.
Oh shit!
Oh!
- Oh shit.
- Fuck!
- Oh,
bravo.
You really fucking caught him.
- You gotta get me down.
I can't help you if you if,
if don't let me the fuck down.
- Why are you following us?
- I told you.
I'm not following you.
I want him.
- Shut your crazy ass up.
Dawn, let's go.
- But why?
Are you the Mechanic Maniac?
- No.
No.
He's the maniac.
- What?
- No.
This has motherfucker is nuts.
We need to go.
- Dawn.
Dawn, is your name.
Dawn, you gotta listen to me.
He killed my only son.
He killed my boy Jamie.
- Fuck you, old man.
I ain't kill nobody.
His ass is lying, Dawn.
Let's go.
What the fuck?
- You son of a bitch,
I saw you drag him off.
I saw you that night.
And I was following
your ass ever since.
Hunting you.
- Micah,
Micah, what is he talking about?
- You know me, it's bullshit.
I don't know.
What the fuck?
- Dawn, you don't know him.
Dawn.
What are you doing?
No.
Dawn, you gotta let me down.
You gotta shot him
or he's gonna kill you next.
He'll kill you next.
- Dawn, shoot him, he's
clearly the maniac.
- Dawn, please baby
girl, listen to me.
My name is Anthony.
I'm a father
who lost his son
at the hands of this murderer.
He killed my boy, Jamie.
Shoot him before he kills you.
- Fuck what he
talking about, Dawn.
Pay attention to me.
He's fucking lying.
Kill him.
He hurt Emily.
What the fuck, shoot him.
- Emily?
Who the fuck is Emily?
What the fuck are you doing?
- He got a gun!
- What a fucking day.
Oh Jesus.
You did the right thing, Dawn.
You did the right thing.
That motherfucker was
just trying to kill us.
You just saved my life.
All right?
Let's get back to the van.
- No.
- What did you just say?
- I said, no.
We need to take that way
and go back to the highway.
- I'm pretty sure we agreed
to go back to the van.
- The van is toast.
We have no choice but
to go to the highway
and flag someone down.
- Nope.
We can't do that.
- What is wrong with you?
We only have one option.
- You're right.
And it's following my
directions or else.
- Or else what?
- Or else
I'm gonna butcher you exactly
like how did his fat ass son.
- What?
- You're not much of
a criminalist are you?
Riding around
with a serial killer for
hours with no fucking clue.
You might wanna find
another profession.
- No.
- Yeah.
Shit.
Poor Anthony.
You just killed an
innocent man in cold blood.
At least that's what
I'll tell the police.
I mean your prints are all
over the murder weapon.
It'll be,
you know,
an open shut case.
- You're a monster.
- No,
no, not quite,
not quite.
I think
the word that you used was
genius.
And I appreciate that,
but
don't put me on a pedestal.
I'm not one of those
guys who has infatuation
killing homeless people
or it's like
prostitutes and privileged kids.
None of that.
I,
I just enjoying
killing motherfuckers,
preferably
slicing and dicing they ass up.
You like,
I don't know, like maybe
the sound just fuck with me.
I don't know, it
does something to me.
- You're a sick fuck.
- So?
You
listen to me
or shit is gonna get a
lot messier than this.
- What the fuck are
you gonna do, Micah?
You gonna shoot me?
- Dawn.
Don't insult me.
You know, I have never
killed anyone with a gun.
Ever, I mean.
What's the fun in that?
That's no fun.
So,
let's get back to the van.
- I said no.
- March, bitch.
Bye, Anthony.
- I get it, you know.
I see why we have to
go back to the van.
- You don't see shit.
Shut up and march.
- I've read your file.
You can't kill me.
You only kill your
victims in cars.
That's why you need
to go back to the van.
- Bitch, who the fuck do
you think you're talking to?
I can kill your ass
right here on the spot.
- Hm?
What is it about cars
that turn you on?
Is it the smell of the leather?
Oh no, I bet it's the
rumble of the engine, huh?
- You don't know what the
fuck you talking about.
Let's go.
- It's your trap, isn't it.
Or at least that's
how you see it.
I mean, they're trapped
inside of a small little box.
You catch them and then
you take them apart.
It's like ripping
wings off of a fly.
- Just shut the
fuck up and march!
- Someone trap you
inside of a box
or a room?
Did they take you
apart to, Micah?
- Dawn,
if you use that
tongue with me again,
I'm going to cut it out.
- You're gonna have
to catch me first.
- Fuck!
- Hunter's woods.
Did you forget, genius?
- Oh God, I'm turn
you in the buckets.
- Wait, what's that?
- Oh my god.
- Wait, huh?
I can't hear you over
that bitch ass crying.
Little pussy.
Can't hear you.
- I swear God, I'm
gonna fucking kill you.
- Come and find me!
- Micah.
Micah.
- Oh, I'm gonna kill ya.
Oh, I'm gonna kill ya.
Oh fuck.
Dawn, get your bitch
ass back here man.
Dawn, get your ass back here.
- Shit.
Come on.
- There's no need for that.
I'm right here.
- Wow, you look like shit.
- Hmm.
Thank you.
But you know, Dawn,
it's enough of
these fucking games.
Get your motherfucking ass
back to the fucking
van right now!
- You're right.
I'm tired of this game too.
- That thing is not
gonna kill me, Dawn.
- I'm counting on it.
Let's play
a different game now.
- You stupid bitch.
- Here's a little gift
to help even out
the odds, Micah.
- Okay, Dawn,
I'll play your idiotic game.
Stupid bitch.
Okay, Dawn.
All right.
I'll play your
fucking idiotic game.
- Can you find me?
I knew it was you, murderer.
- Come out, come out
wherever you are.
- I'm right here.
Micah.
- Oh, I'm gonna kill this bitch.
- Micah, where am I?
- Now where for fuck are you?
- I'm everywhere.
I was there when you
napped Jose Keller
after his 16th birthday party.
- What the fuck are
you talking about?
- Micah.
I was there when you drug a
barely conscious Brook Thompson
through the Hickory Creek woods
after her second date
with the dude named Brad.
- No fucking way.
Fuck!
- I'm well
aware of who you are
and what you've done.
I was there the night you
butchered Jamie Miller
with the reciprocating saw.
Before catching up with
you at the truck stop.
- Bring your punk ass out here.
- I carefully built
that fun obstacle course
in the nearby was woods here.
- Come on.
- I wasn't lying about my
father being a trapper.
He definitely taught me
everything I needed to know.
I knew you liked to
frequent that bar.
So it was easy for
me to find you.
I was well aware
you didn't keep a phone
so you couldn't tracked.
We could take a selfie so
we can capture this moment.
- Fuck.
- I figured you wouldn't
let me keep mine either.
So I let you destroy it.
It was just a backup.
Don't worry.
My selfies are safe.
- Come on,
come on.
- Murderer.
- Come on, bitch.
- Where am I?
- Move your ass.
- Find me.
- Come on!
- Micah.
Fuck!
- I was
impressed by the gadget
you built to open the
air bags in Jamie's car.
So I designed one of my own
to help stop the
engine in the van.
- Come on, what the fuck now?
- I don't know.
I think it's the engine.
I do have to say
that vengeful stunt
that the driving father
pulled was a surprise.
Now I didn't plan on it.
Definitely made sitting this
trap a little more challenging,
but thankfully
I could prove to myself
that I could adapt in
a quick, decisive way.
I had an idea of who he might
be when I saw that bobble head
on his dashboard at the bar.
You didn't notice of course,
details Micah details.
Then I knew who he was
when I saw a picture of him
and Jamie in his wallet.
Poor guy.
But he had to go.
- Where you at, Dawn?
Where you at?
So all this for little
ole me, huh Dawn?
You really shouldn't have.
- Oh no, it needed to be done.
- I really do like you, Dawn.
- Finally.
I was wondering when your
bitch ass was gonna catch up.
- Oh, don't worry about nothing.
You gonna get the full
mechanic experience now bitch.
Uh uh, no you don't.
Ah, shit.
Yeah.
- Okay.
Hold on a second.
Micah, don't be a pussy.
You wanna fight hand to hand?
Yeah?
Come on.
- Rest in peace, Dawn.
What the fuck?
- Oh, you didn't know
I was Bulletproof, huh?
- What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Ah, shit.
No, no.
Yeah.
- You fucking idiot.
- Bitch.
I guess I'm the idiot who
kicking your fucking ass, huh?
- Yeah, it hurts, doesn't it.
Sweetie,
the trap doesn't work until
the animal is caught, right?
Maybe it's time to
spring this one.
Hey, there's sleepy head.
You had a nice nap.
- Dawn.
you better let me off this
fucking table right now,
so help me, God.
- Oh Micah,
I am your god.
I hope this all outfits
more comfortable.
- Untie me right fucking now.
What the fuck is that?
- Oh, Micah, you were such
a fucking disappointment.
With all of the experience
you have sawing your victims,
I thought you'd be
able to name this baby
by the make and model.
- Dawn.
Dawn.
Just listen to me, Dawn.
Just listen to me, okay.
Please don't do this.
Dawn, please.
Please.
Dawn, I would do
anything please.
- Just let it out.
Just follow the pattern.
- I,
Dawn, I will do anything.
I will do anything,
Dawn, please.
Please, just let me go.
- Is that what Jamie said?
Or Brooke?
I know that's what Melanie said.
Cause I was there for that too.
She was my best friend
and you took her
from the Circle K parking
lot in Waupaca, Wisconsin
at 2:22 in the morning
while I happened to go
inside for an energy drink.
- Please.
Please, stop.
- Came outside to an empty car
and I saw a man jump
into his nearby.
It was your second kill,
if I remember correctly.
You were a lot
sloppier in those days.
But I never stopped.
- Dawn, just,
just.
- And I won't stop now.
- Okay please.
Dawn.
You ain't gotta
be like me, Dawn.
Just let me go,
please.
No, stop it, please.
Please stop, stop!
Dawn.
Dawn, Dawn.
Come here, Dawn.
Dawn, look at me.
Dawn.
Do it, bitch.
- Megan McCormick coming
to you live from TV 13,
a grizzly site today at
the old Chenworth barn.
The body of the infamous
"Mechanic Maniac"
has been discovered
alongside the body
of an Arizona man
who was found to be the father
of the maniac's most
recent victim, Jamie DeMay.
Local police are saying,
this is a cut and
dry case of revenge.
With the father
killing the mechanic
and taking his
life with his gun.
- Can I get you anything else?
- Oh no thank you.
I got exactly what I wanted.
- All right, you
have a good night.
♪ Carry on my wayward son
♪ There'll be peace
when you are done ♪
♪ lay your weary head to rest
don't you cry now more